
The Project Gutenberg eBook of The Gift of the Magi, by O'Henry.

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you
will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before
using this eBook.

Title: The Gift of the Magi.

Author: O'Henry.

Release Date: January, 2005 [eBook #7256].
[Most recently updated: December 25, 2021].

Language: English.


Produced by: Susan Ritchie. HTML version by Jose Menendez.

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE GIFT OF THE MAGI ***.




The Gift of the Magi.

by O. Henry.


One dollar and eighty-seven cents. That was all. And sixty cents of it
was in pennies. Pennies saved one and two at a time by bulldozing the
grocer and the vegetable man and the butcher until one’s cheeks burned
with the silent imputation of parsimony that such close dealing
implied. Three times Della counted it. One dollar and eighty-seven
cents. And the next day would be Christmas.

There was clearly nothing to do but flop down on the shabby little
couch and howl. So Della did it. Which instigates the moral reflection
that life is made up of sobs, sniffles, and smiles, with sniffles
predominating.

While the mistress of the home is gradually subsiding from the first
stage to the second, take a look at the home. A furnished flat at $8
per week. It did not exactly beggar description, but it certainly had
that word on the lookout for the mendicancy squad.

In the vestibule below was a letter-box into which no letter would go,
and an electric button from which no mortal finger could coax a ring.
Also appertaining thereunto was a card bearing the name “Mr. James
Dillingham Young.”

** END OF DEMO TEXT**.
You may feels free for using you'r favorite books instead conntent of this file.
 